Wordpress dashboard is your one stop overview of your entire website. By default, you'll see five widgets. Site health status, ata a glance, recent activity, Quick draft, and upcoming wordpress events and news. This Site health status box is arguably the most important part of the dashboard. If you see that your site health is in the red or yellow, the issue is most likely a plugin in or theme needs to be updated. However, it will also notify you of security, Ph p and various server side issues that need your attention. The at glance widget is a simple overview of your entire website. It displays the overall number of posts comments, and pages as well as your current wordpress version, theme and various other pieces of useful information. The activity widget displays the most recently published posts in the most recently written comments on the site. Additionally, if he spam comment makes it through, You can delete it or market as spam with a single click through the widget itself. Think about Quick draft as an notepad. You cannot publish via this widget, but you can save as many drafts as you want. It comes in handy if you need to quickly make a note for later. One of the best things about wordpress is the community. With this widget, you will not only see the top wordpress news across various sources but also new events that are nearby tier your location. You could also customize your wordpress dashboard with widgets of your own. Many plugins come with a dashboard widget you can enable. Some examples include Jet pack, Google Site kit, yoast Seo, and so on. Some plugins give you complete control over your wordpress dashboard. For example, ultimate dashboard lets you customize your dashboard widgets, but also the login screen, The admin bar end admin sidebar. If you're an elegant themes member, you can use the D admin dashboard layouts plugin to bring the power of our page builder to the dashboard. And there you go, that's all we need to know about the wordpress dashboard. If you enjoyed this video, then be sure to give it a like and some subscribe for more content. With that said, thanks for watching, and we'll catch you in the next one.